doc/user: reflect new quickstart cluster size of 25cc (#26698)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/free-trial-faqs.md

------------|-----------|--------------------|-----------------
`ingest`    | `50cc`    | 1                  | 0.5
`compute`   | `50cc`    | 2                  | 1 (0.5 each)
`quickstart`| `25cc`    | 1                  | 0.25

> In this case, your credit consumption rate would be 2.5 credits per hour, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, your credit consumption rate would be 1.75 credits per hour, which
```
